{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\rtlch\af2\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sb120\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext7 caption;}
{\*\cs9\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033 Numbering Symbols;}
}
{\info{\author Dominic Renaud}{\creatim\yr2012\mo1\dy14\hr11\min32}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3300}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl480\slmult1\ql\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 2.x Standing meetings}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl480\slmult1\ql\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab An important component of any XP project is starting the day with a standing meeting. These need to be conducted in a fairly central location, and should be short. The point is to keep everyone up to date on what everyone is doing, and to point out any is
sues that may need discussion after the standup meeting. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl480\slmult1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The structure for these meetings is to go around to each of the developers, and have them talk briefly about what they did yesterday, what they plan to do today, and what obstacles they are having in completing their job. This allows other developers to u
nderstand where the team is at. It also gives opportunities to bring up quick fixes to small issues, or let someone know if they are a bottleneck on part of the project, so they can re-prioritize appropriately. It is important that these discussions are ke
pt brief. If they require more 1-on-1 or small group discussion they should be done after the stand-up meeting is over. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab It is important that these meetings are conducted regularly. If they are not then it is easy for the developers to lose a clear picture of what everyone else is working on, and thus makes future communication with team members more difficult. It also mean
s that more meetings are needed between small groups which can eat more time than necessary if there was the stand-up meeting in the morning. The time constraint on the stand-up meeting encourages quick action and no time wasted, while meetings in smaller 
groups can get sidetracked by certain ideas or discussions, as they aren't necessarily as constrained.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab Another important but non-critical part of stand-up meetings is a whiteboard. With a whiteboard that has the schedule for the team for the iteration cycle, there is a reference point for the activities the developers are doing. When they bring up their ac
tivity the previous day and their plans for the day, they can be compared with the whiteboard schedule, which can either cause the developer to change their priorities, or cause the whiteboard schedule to change in response to their activities, which may h
ave been critical bug fixes or simply an increase in the amount of time it is taking to build the feature they are currently working on.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 2.x.i Pros and Cons}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The main benefit to stand-up meetings is synchronization with the team. Knowing where everyone else is in the project is good both for knowing how well the scheduling is working for the iteration, and for morale. Constant reassurance that everyone on the 
team is doing their job, and that they are willing to help with any obstacles that might come up for development, is a great way to keep a team together and motivated. It also ensures that any problems which come up will be resolved by the next morning at 
the latest.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The downside to stand-up meetings is that they do take some time, and require some discipline in remembering to do them and in keeping track of what work has been done. This isn't a major con, it just means you can't be lazy.}
\par }