{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
}
{\info{\author Dominic Renaud}{\creatim\yr2012\mo1\dy18\hr10\min20}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3300}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl480\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 2.z Iterative Development}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab A core component of Extreme Programming is iterative development. Instead of development being scheduled across an entire release plan, it is scheduled into 1-3 week iterations, which are organized immediately before being worked on. It allows for unfores
een feature requests or requirements issues to be handled when they come up, rather than waiting until the end of the project, or requiring clairvoyant planning teams.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The structure of an iteration is fairly simple. Take the highest priority features than can be done in the iteration length \'84\'9f usually one week, but could be as long as three \'84\'9f and put them together as the iteration plan. These features are exclusively wha
t will be done in the next iteration. If the features needed to be done seem to be taking too long, re-plan in the middle of the iteration to determine which features can be pushed back. Once the iteration is done, the current version of the product should
 be tested with the customer, to ensure that the project remains on track. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab It is crucial that the iteration be taken as a hard deadline. While extreme programming is much more conducive to floating deadlines for the entire project, the iterations need to stay on track.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 2.z.i Pros and Cons }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The primary benefit to iterative development is that the project is being continuously revised to respond and adapt to the customer's needs. There is less concern about requirements as well, as these can be reviewed more easily once parts of the system ar
e in place and thus there is a more concrete perspective on the system. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab An element that is somewhat ambiguous is that iterations are the level at which flexibility and adaptability essentially stop. This is good because it provides structure to the project, but may be problematic if the time per iteration is too large to adap
t effectively, or too small to allow for the long-term planning of a project to be useful, such as in a large team or with a military or government project, where the requirements may not be as likely to change with use. How this affects development varies
 greatly from project to project, and is a key aspect of extreme programming that needs to be carefully considered during the initial project planning, when determining the development methodology.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The downside to iterative development is that it can be short-sighted. While this can be mitigated for really large features by breaking them down, or simply making them be built across iterations, this may not always work. Depending on how set in stone t
he requirements are, constant revisions and changes may cause large or complex features to be put off continuously. It is important to ensure that features are being added to iterations based on priority as well as feasibility within the time frame.}
\par }